# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv export --format requirements.txt --no-hashes
absl-py==2.3.1
    # via
    #   einshape
    #   tensorboard
    #   timecopilot-timesfm
accelerate==1.9.0
    # via timecopilot-chronos-forecasting
adagio==0.2.6
    # via fugue
ag-ui-protocol==0.1.8
    # via pydantic-ai-slim
aioboto3==15.0.0
    # via timecopilot-toto
aiobotocore==2.23.0
    # via
    #   aioboto3
    #   s3fs
aiofiles==24.1.0
    # via aioboto3
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.12.15
    # via
    #   aiobotocore
    #   fsspec
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   modal
    #   s3fs
aioitertools==0.12.0
    # via aiobotocore
aiosignal==1.4.0
    # via aiohttp
alembic==1.16.5
    # via optuna
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via
    #   nixtla
    #   pydantic
anthropic==0.60.0
    # via pydantic-ai-slim
antlr4-python3-runtime==4.9.3
    # via
    #   hydra-core
    #   omegaconf
antropy==0.1.9
    # via tsfeatures
anyio==4.9.0
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   google-genai
    #   groq
    #   httpx
    #   jupyter-server
    #   mcp
    #   openai
    #   pydantic-evals
    #   sse-starlette
    #   starlette
    #   watchfiles
appdirs==1.4.4
    # via fs
appnope==0.1.4 ; sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via ipykernel
arch==7.2.0
    # via tsfeatures
argcomplete==3.6.2
    # via pydantic-ai-slim
argon2-cffi==25.1.0
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0 ; python_full_version >= '3.14'
    # via argon2-cffi
argon2-cffi-bindings==25.1.0 ; python_full_version < '3.14'
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.3.0
    # via isoduration
asttokens==3.0.0
    # via stack-data
async-lru==2.0.5
    # via jupyterlab
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
    #   sigtools
babel==2.17.0
    # via jupyterlab-server
beartype==0.21.0
    # via timecopilot-toto
beautifulsoup4==4.13.4
    # via nbconvert
black==25.1.0
    # via timecopilot-toto
bleach==6.2.0
    # via nbconvert
blinker==1.9.0
    # via flask
boto3==1.38.27
    # via
    #   aiobotocore
    #   pydantic-ai-slim
    #   timecopilot-toto
botocore==1.38.27
    # via
    #   aiobotocore
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
cachetools==5.5.2
    # via google-auth
certifi==2025.7.14
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   modal
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   argon2-cffi-bindings
    #   pyzmq
    #   zstandard
charset-normalizer==3.4.2
    # via
    #   reportlab
    #   requests
click==8.1.8
    # via
    #   black
    #   flask
    #   modal
    #   ray
    #   typer
    #   uvicorn
    #   wandb
cloudpickle==3.1.1
    # via
    #   mlforecast
    #   statsforecast
cmdstanpy==1.2.5
    # via prophet
cohere==5.16.1 ; sys_platform != 'emscripten'
    # via pydantic-ai-slim
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   click
    #   colorlog
    #   griffe
    #   ipython
    #   pytest
    #   tqdm
colorlog==6.9.0
    # via optuna
comm==0.2.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
contourpy==1.3.3
    # via matplotlib
coreforecast==0.0.16
    # via
    #   mlforecast
    #   neuralforecast
    #   statsforecast
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
dacite==1.9.2
    # via
    #   mlstm-kernels
    #   timecopilot-tirex
    #   xlstm
dash==3.2.0
    # via plotly-resampler
datasets==3.6.0
    # via
    #   fev
    #   tabpfn-time-series
    #   timecopilot-toto
    #   timecopilot-uni2ts
debugpy==1.8.15
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.2.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
dill==0.3.8
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   multiprocess
    #   timecopilot-toto
distro==1.9.0
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   groq
    #   openai
einops==0.7.0
    # via
    #   mlstm-kernels
    #   rotary-embedding-torch
    #   tabpfn
    #   timecopilot-tirex
    #   timecopilot-toto
    #   timecopilot-uni2ts
    #   xlstm
einshape==1.0
    # via timecopilot-timesfm
eval-type-backport==0.2.2
    # via
    #   mistralai
    #   pydantic-ai-slim
executing==2.2.0
    # via
    #   logfire
    #   stack-data
fastavro==1.11.1 ; sys_platform != 'emscripten'
    # via cohere
fastjsonschema==2.21.1
    # via nbformat
fev==0.5.0
    # via timecopilot-fev
filelock==3.18.0
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   ray
    #   torch
    #   transformers
fire==0.7.0
    # via timecopilot
flask==3.1.2
    # via dash
fonttools==4.59.0
    # via matplotlib
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
frozenlist==1.7.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fs==2.4.16
    # via triad
fsspec==2025.3.0
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   lightning
    #   mlforecast
    #   neuralforecast
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   ray
    #   s3fs
    #   torch
    #   triad
ftfy==6.3.1
    # via xlstm
fugue==0.9.1
    # via statsforecast
gitdb==4.0.12
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.45
    # via wandb
gluonts==0.16.2
    # via
    #   tabpfn-time-series
    #   timecopilot
    #   timecopilot-toto
    #   timecopilot-uni2ts
google-auth==2.40.3
    # via
    #   google-genai
    #   pydantic-ai-slim
google-genai==1.28.0
    # via pydantic-ai-slim
googleapis-common-protos==1.70.0
    # via opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-http
greenlet==3.2.4 ; (python_full_version < '3.14' and platform_machine == 'AMD64') or (python_full_version < '3.14' and platform_machine == 'WIN32') or (python_full_version < '3.14' and platform_machine == 'aarch64') or (python_full_version < '3.14' and platform_machine == 'amd64') or (python_full_version < '3.14' and platform_machine == 'ppc64le') or (python_full_version < '3.14' and platform_machine == 'win32') or (python_full_version < '3.14' and platform_machine == 'x86_64')
    # via sqlalchemy
griffe==1.9.0
    # via pydantic-ai-slim
groq==0.30.0
    # via pydantic-ai-slim
grpcio==1.74.0 ; python_full_version < '3.14'
    # via tensorboard
grpclib==0.4.8
    # via modal
h11==0.16.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
h2==4.2.0
    # via grpclib
hf-xet==1.1.5 ; platform_machine == 'aarch64' or platform_machine == 'amd64' or platform_machine == 'arm64' or platform_machine == 'x86_64'
    # via huggingface-hub
holidays==0.77
    # via prophet
hpack==4.1.0
    # via h2
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via httpx
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   cohere
    #   google-genai
    #   groq
    #   jupyterlab
    #   mcp
    #   mistralai
    #   nixtla
    #   openai
    #   pydantic-ai-slim
    #   pydantic-graph
    #   tabpfn-client
httpx-sse==0.4.0
    # via
    #   cohere
    #   mcp
huggingface-hub==0.34.3
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   datasets
    #   pydantic-ai-slim
    #   tabpfn
    #   timecopilot-timesfm
    #   timecopilot-tirex
    #   timecopilot-uni2ts
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
    #   xlstm
hydra-core==1.3.2 ; python_full_version < '3.14'
    # via timecopilot-uni2ts
hyperframe==6.1.0
    # via h2
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
    #   yarl
importlib-metadata==8.7.0
    # via
    #   dash
    #   opentelemetry-api
importlib-resources==6.5.2
    # via prophet
iniconfig==2.1.0
    # via pytest
inquirerpy==0.3.4
    # via huggingface-hub
ipykernel==6.30.0
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyterlab
    #   mlstm-kernels
    #   xlstm
ipython==9.4.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-console
ipython-pygments-lexers==1.1.1
    # via ipython
ipywidgets==8.1.7
    # via jupyter
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
isort==6.0.1
    # via timecopilot-toto
itsdangerous==2.2.0
    # via flask
jax==0.7.0 ; python_full_version < '3.14'
    # via timecopilot-uni2ts
jaxlib==0.7.0 ; python_full_version < '3.14'
    # via jax
jaxtyping==0.2.38
    # via
    #   timecopilot-toto
    #   timecopilot-uni2ts
jedi==0.19.2
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   flask
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
    #   torch
jiter==0.10.0
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   openai
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   aiobotocore
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
joblib==1.5.1
    # via scikit-learn
joypy==0.2.6
    # via xlstm
json5==0.12.0
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonschema
jsonschema==4.25.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   mcp
    #   nbformat
    #   ray
jsonschema-specifications==2025.4.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter==1.1.1
    # via timecopilot-toto
jupyter-client==8.6.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
jupyter-console==6.6.3
    # via jupyter
jupyter-core==5.8.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
jupyter-events==0.12.0
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-lsp==2.2.6
    # via jupyterlab
jupyter-server==2.16.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-lsp
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   notebook
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.5.3
    # via jupyter-server
jupyterlab==4.4.8
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   notebook
jupyterlab-pygments==0.3.0
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.27.3
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.15
    # via ipywidgets
kiwisolver==1.4.8
    # via matplotlib
lark==1.2.2
    # via rfc3987-syntax
lightgbm==4.6.0
    # via timecopilot
lightning==2.4.0
    # via
    #   gluonts
    #   timecopilot-tirex
    #   timecopilot-uni2ts
lightning-utilities==0.15.0
    # via
    #   lightning
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   torchmetrics
llvmlite==0.44.0
    # via numba
logfire==4.0.0
    # via pydantic-ai
logfire-api==4.0.0
    # via
    #   pydantic-evals
    #   pydantic-graph
mako==1.3.10
    # via alembic
markdown==3.8.2 ; python_full_version < '3.14'
    # via tensorboard
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   flask
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
    #   nbconvert
    #   werkzeug
matplotlib==3.10.3
    # via
    #   joypy
    #   mlstm-kernels
    #   pandas
    #   prophet
    #   seaborn
    #   timecopilot-toto
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mcp==1.12.2
    # via pydantic-ai-slim
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mistralai==1.9.3
    # via pydantic-ai-slim
mistune==3.1.3
    # via nbconvert
ml-dtypes==0.5.3 ; python_full_version < '3.14'
    # via
    #   jax
    #   jaxlib
mlforecast==1.0.2
    # via timecopilot
mlstm-kernels==2.0.1
    # via xlstm
modal==1.1.0
    # via timecopilot-fev
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
msgpack==1.1.1
    # via ray
multidict==6.6.3
    # via
    #   aiobotocore
    #   aiohttp
    #   grpclib
    #   yarl
multiprocess==0.70.16
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   timecopilot-uni2ts
mypy==1.17.0
    # via timecopilot-toto
mypy-extensions==1.1.0
    # via
    #   black
    #   mypy
narwhals==2.3.0
    # via plotly
nbclient==0.10.2
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.16.6
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-server
nbformat==5.10.4
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via
    #   dash
    #   ipykernel
networkx==3.5
    # via torch
neuralforecast==3.0.2
    # via timecopilot
ninja==1.11.1.4
    # via
    #   timecopilot-tirex
    #   xlstm
nixtla==0.6.6
    # via timecopilot
notebook==7.4.4
    # via jupyter
notebook-shim==0.2.4
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
numba==0.61.2
    # via
    #   antropy
    #   statsforecast
numpy==1.26.4 ; python_full_version < '3.13'
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   antropy
    #   arch
    #   cmdstanpy
    #   contourpy
    #   coreforecast
    #   datasets
    #   einshape
    #   fev
    #   gluonts
    #   jax
    #   jaxlib
    #   joypy
    #   lightgbm
    #   matplotlib
    #   ml-dtypes
    #   mlstm-kernels
    #   neuralforecast
    #   numba
    #   optuna
    #   pandas
    #   patsy
    #   plotly-resampler
    #   prophet
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   stanio
    #   statsforecast
    #   statsmodels
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorboardx
    #   timecopilot-timesfm
    #   timecopilot-tirex
    #   timecopilot-uni2ts
    #   torchmetrics
    #   torchvision
    #   transformers
    #   triad
    #   tsdownsample
    #   utilsforecast
    #   xlstm
numpy==2.1.3 ; python_full_version >= '3.13'
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   antropy
    #   arch
    #   cmdstanpy
    #   contourpy
    #   coreforecast
    #   datasets
    #   einshape
    #   fev
    #   gluonts
    #   jax
    #   jaxlib
    #   joypy
    #   lightgbm
    #   matplotlib
    #   ml-dtypes
    #   mlstm-kernels
    #   neuralforecast
    #   numba
    #   optuna
    #   pandas
    #   patsy
    #   plotly-resampler
    #   prophet
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   stanio
    #   statsforecast
    #   statsmodels
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorboardx
    #   timecopilot-timesfm
    #   timecopilot-tirex
    #   timecopilot-uni2ts
    #   torchmetrics
    #   torchvision
    #   transformers
    #   triad
    #   tsdownsample
    #   utilsforecast
    #   xlstm
nvidia-cublas-cu12==12.4.5.8 ; platform_machine == 'x86_64' and sys_platform == 'linux'
    # via
    #   nvidia-cudnn-cu12
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   torch
nvidia-cuda-cupti-cu12==12.4.127 ; platform_machine == 'x86_64' and sys_platform == 'linux'
    # via torch
nvidia-cuda-nvrtc-cu12==12.4.127 ; platform_machine == 'x86_64' and sys_platform == 'linux'
    # via torch
nvidia-cuda-runtime-cu12==12.4.127 ; platform_machine == 'x86_64' and sys_platform == 'linux'
    # via torch
nvidia-cudnn-cu12==9.1.0.70 ; platform_machine == 'x86_64' and sys_platform == 'linux'
    # via torch
nvidia-cufft-cu12==11.2.1.3 ; platform_machine == 'x86_64' and sys_platform == 'linux'
    # via torch
nvidia-curand-cu12==10.3.5.147 ; platform_machine == 'x86_64' and sys_platform == 'linux'
    # via torch
nvidia-cusolver-cu12==11.6.1.9 ; platform_machine == 'x86_64' and sys_platform == 'linux'
    # via torch
nvidia-cusparse-cu12==12.3.1.170 ; platform_machine == 'x86_64' and sys_platform == 'linux'
    # via
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   torch
nvidia-cusparselt-cu12==0.6.2 ; platform_machine == 'x86_64' and sys_platform == 'linux'
    # via torch
nvidia-nccl-cu12==2.21.5 ; platform_machine == 'x86_64' and sys_platform == 'linux'
    # via torch
nvidia-nvjitlink-cu12==12.4.127 ; platform_machine == 'x86_64' and sys_platform == 'linux'
    # via
    #   nvidia-cufft-cu12
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   nvidia-cusparse-cu12
    #   torch
nvidia-nvtx-cu12==12.4.127 ; platform_machine == 'x86_64' and sys_platform == 'linux'
    # via torch
omegaconf==2.3.0
    # via
    #   hydra-core
    #   mlstm-kernels
    #   tabpfn-client
    #   xlstm
openai==1.102.0
    # via
    #   pydantic-ai-slim
    #   timecopilot
opentelemetry-api==1.35.0
    # via
    #   opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-http
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation
    #   opentelemetry-sdk
    #   opentelemetry-semantic-conventions
    #   pydantic-ai-slim
opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-common==1.35.0
    # via opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-http
opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-http==1.35.0
    # via logfire
opentelemetry-instrumentation==0.56b0
    # via logfire
opentelemetry-proto==1.35.0
    # via
    #   opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-common
    #   opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-http
opentelemetry-sdk==1.35.0
    # via
    #   logfire
    #   opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-http
opentelemetry-semantic-conventions==0.56b0
    # via
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation
    #   opentelemetry-sdk
opt-einsum==3.4.0
    # via
    #   jax
    #   xlstm
optuna==4.5.0
    # via
    #   mlforecast
    #   neuralforecast
orjson==3.11.1
    # via
    #   nixtla
    #   plotly-resampler
    #   timecopilot-uni2ts
overrides==7.7.0
    # via jupyter-server
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   black
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   hydra-core
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   lightning
    #   lightning-utilities
    #   matplotlib
    #   nbconvert
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation
    #   optuna
    #   plotly
    #   pytest
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   ray
    #   statsmodels
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorboardx
    #   torchmetrics
    #   transformers
    #   utilsforecast
    #   wandb
pandas==2.1.4 ; python_full_version < '3.13'
    # via
    #   arch
    #   cmdstanpy
    #   datasets
    #   gluonts
    #   joypy
    #   mlforecast
    #   neuralforecast
    #   nixtla
    #   plotly-resampler
    #   prophet
    #   ray
    #   seaborn
    #   statsforecast
    #   statsmodels
    #   tabpfn
    #   tabpfn-client
    #   tabpfn-time-series
    #   timecopilot-timesfm
    #   timecopilot-tirex
    #   timecopilot-toto
    #   triad
    #   tsfeatures
    #   utilsforecast
pandas==2.3.1 ; python_full_version >= '3.13'
    # via
    #   arch
    #   cmdstanpy
    #   datasets
    #   gluonts
    #   joypy
    #   mlforecast
    #   neuralforecast
    #   nixtla
    #   plotly-resampler
    #   prophet
    #   ray
    #   seaborn
    #   statsforecast
    #   statsmodels
    #   timecopilot
    #   timecopilot-timesfm
    #   timecopilot-tirex
    #   timecopilot-toto
    #   triad
    #   tsfeatures
    #   utilsforecast
pandocfilters==1.5.1
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.4
    # via jedi
password-strength==0.0.3.post2 ; python_full_version < '3.13'
    # via tabpfn-client
pathspec==0.12.1
    # via
    #   black
    #   mypy
patsy==1.0.1
    # via statsmodels
pexpect==4.9.0 ; sys_platform != 'emscripten' and sys_platform != 'win32'
    # via ipython
pfzy==0.3.4
    # via inquirerpy
pillow==11.3.0
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   reportlab
    #   tensorboard
    #   torchvision
platformdirs==4.3.8
    # via
    #   black
    #   jupyter-core
    #   wandb
plotly==6.3.0
    # via
    #   dash
    #   plotly-resampler
    #   utilsforecast
plotly-resampler==0.11.0
    # via utilsforecast
pluggy==1.6.0
    # via pytest
prometheus-client==0.22.1
    # via jupyter-server
prompt-toolkit==3.0.51
    # via
    #   inquirerpy
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
    #   pydantic-ai-slim
propcache==0.3.2
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
prophet==1.1.7
    # via timecopilot
protobuf==6.31.1
    # via
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   logfire
    #   modal
    #   opentelemetry-proto
    #   ray
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorboardx
    #   wandb
psutil==7.0.0
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0 ; os_name != 'nt' or (sys_platform != 'emscripten' and sys_platform != 'win32')
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.3
    # via stack-data
pyarrow==20.0.0
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   ray
    #   timecopilot-fev
    #   triad
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.2
    # via google-auth
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.11.7
    # via
    #   ag-ui-protocol
    #   anthropic
    #   cohere
    #   fev
    #   gluonts
    #   google-genai
    #   groq
    #   mcp
    #   mistralai
    #   nixtla
    #   openai
    #   pydantic-ai-slim
    #   pydantic-evals
    #   pydantic-graph
    #   pydantic-settings
    #   wandb
pydantic-ai==0.4.10
    # via timecopilot
pydantic-ai-slim==0.4.10
    # via
    #   pydantic-ai
    #   pydantic-evals
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via
    #   cohere
    #   pydantic
pydantic-evals==0.4.10
    # via pydantic-ai-slim
pydantic-graph==0.4.10
    # via pydantic-ai-slim
pydantic-settings==2.10.1
    # via mcp
pygments==2.19.2
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   ipython-pygments-lexers
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbconvert
    #   pytest
    #   rich
pyparsing==3.2.3
    # via matplotlib
pytest==8.4.1
    # via
    #   pytest-env
    #   timecopilot-toto
pytest-env==1.1.5
    # via timecopilot-toto
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   aiobotocore
    #   arrow
    #   botocore
    #   holidays
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   mistralai
    #   pandas
python-dotenv==1.1.1
    # via
    #   pydantic-settings
    #   tabpfn-time-series
    #   timecopilot-uni2ts
python-json-logger==3.3.0
    # via jupyter-events
python-multipart==0.0.20
    # via mcp
pytorch-lightning==2.4.0
    # via
    #   gluonts
    #   lightning
    #   neuralforecast
pytz==2025.2
    # via pandas
pywin32==311 ; sys_platform == 'win32'
    # via
    #   jupyter-core
    #   mcp
pywinpty==2.0.15 ; os_name == 'nt' and sys_platform != 'linux'
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
    #   terminado
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   jupyter-events
    #   lightning
    #   omegaconf
    #   optuna
    #   pydantic-evals
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   ray
    #   tabpfn-time-series
    #   timecopilot-toto
    #   transformers
    #   wandb
pyzmq==27.0.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
ray==2.49.0
    # via neuralforecast
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   jupyter-events
regex==2025.7.34
    # via transformers
reportlab==4.4.3
    # via xlstm
requests==2.32.4
    # via
    #   cohere
    #   dash
    #   datasets
    #   google-genai
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-http
    #   pydantic-ai-slim
    #   ray
    #   transformers
    #   wandb
retrying==1.4.2
    # via dash
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3987-syntax==1.1.0
    # via jsonschema
rich==14.1.0
    # via
    #   logfire
    #   mlstm-kernels
    #   modal
    #   pydantic-ai-slim
    #   pydantic-evals
    #   typer
    #   xlstm
rotary-embedding-torch==0.8.9
    # via timecopilot-toto
rpds-py==0.26.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rsa==4.9.1
    # via google-auth
s3fs==2025.3.0
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   timecopilot-fev
s3transfer==0.13.1
    # via boto3
safetensors==0.5.3
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   timecopilot-timesfm
    #   timecopilot-toto
    #   timecopilot-uni2ts
    #   transformers
scikit-learn==1.6.1 ; python_full_version < '3.13'
    # via
    #   antropy
    #   mlforecast
    #   tabpfn
    #   tabpfn-client
    #   timecopilot-timesfm
    #   timecopilot-toto
    #   tsfeatures
scikit-learn==1.7.1 ; python_full_version >= '3.13'
    # via
    #   antropy
    #   mlforecast
    #   timecopilot-timesfm
    #   timecopilot-toto
    #   tsfeatures
scipy==1.15.3
    # via
    #   antropy
    #   arch
    #   fev
    #   gluonts
    #   jax
    #   jaxlib
    #   joypy
    #   lightgbm
    #   scikit-learn
    #   statsforecast
    #   statsmodels
    #   tabpfn
    #   timecopilot
    #   timecopilot-uni2ts
seaborn==0.13.2
    # via xlstm
send2trash==1.8.3
    # via jupyter-server
sentry-sdk==2.34.1
    # via wandb
setuptools==80.9.0
    # via
    #   dash
    #   fs
    #   jupyterlab
    #   lightning-utilities
    #   tensorboard
    #   torch
shellingham==1.5.4
    # via typer
sigtools==4.0.1
    # via synchronicity
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   fs
    #   password-strength
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
    #   triad
smmap==5.0.2
    # via gitdb
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   anyio
    #   groq
    #   openai
soupsieve==2.7
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlalchemy==2.0.43
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   optuna
sse-starlette==3.0.2
    # via mcp
sseclient-py==1.8.0 ; python_full_version < '3.13'
    # via tabpfn-client
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
stanio==0.5.1
    # via cmdstanpy
starlette==0.47.2
    # via
    #   mcp
    #   pydantic-ai-slim
statsforecast==2.0.2
    # via timecopilot
statsmodels==0.14.5
    # via
    #   arch
    #   statsforecast
    #   tabpfn-time-series
    #   tsfeatures
supersmoother==0.4
    # via tsfeatures
sympy==1.13.1
    # via torch
synchronicity==0.10.2
    # via modal
tabpfn==2.1.0 ; python_full_version < '3.13'
    # via tabpfn-time-series
tabpfn-client==0.1.9 ; python_full_version < '3.13'
    # via tabpfn-time-series
tabpfn-time-series==1.0.3 ; python_full_version < '3.13'
    # via timecopilot
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via timecopilot-toto
tenacity==8.5.0
    # via
    #   google-genai
    #   nixtla
    #   pydantic-ai-slim
tensorboard==2.20.0 ; python_full_version < '3.14'
    # via timecopilot-uni2ts
tensorboard-data-server==0.7.2 ; python_full_version < '3.14'
    # via tensorboard
tensorboardx==2.6.4
    # via ray
termcolor==3.1.0
    # via fire
terminado==0.18.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
threadpoolctl==3.6.0
    # via
    #   scikit-learn
    #   statsforecast
timecopilot==0.0.17
    # via timecopilot-fev
timecopilot-chronos-forecasting==0.1.0
    # via timecopilot
timecopilot-timesfm==0.1.0
    # via timecopilot
timecopilot-tirex==0.1.0
    # via timecopilot
timecopilot-toto==0.1.3
    # via timecopilot
timecopilot-uni2ts==0.1.2 ; python_full_version < '3.14'
    # via timecopilot
tinycss2==1.4.0
    # via bleach
tokenizers==0.19.1 ; python_full_version < '3.13'
    # via
    #   cohere
    #   transformers
    #   xlstm
tokenizers==0.21.4 ; python_full_version >= '3.13'
    # via
    #   cohere
    #   transformers
    #   xlstm
toml==0.10.2
    # via modal
toolz==0.12.1
    # via gluonts
torch==2.6.0
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   gluonts
    #   lightning
    #   mlstm-kernels
    #   neuralforecast
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   rotary-embedding-torch
    #   tabpfn
    #   timecopilot-chronos-forecasting
    #   timecopilot-timesfm
    #   timecopilot-tirex
    #   timecopilot-toto
    #   timecopilot-uni2ts
    #   torchmetrics
    #   torchvision
    #   xlstm
torchmetrics==1.8.0
    # via
    #   lightning
    #   pytorch-lightning
torchvision==0.21.0
    # via timecopilot-tirex
tornado==6.5.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   cmdstanpy
    #   datasets
    #   gluonts
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   lightning
    #   mlstm-kernels
    #   nixtla
    #   openai
    #   optuna
    #   prophet
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   statsforecast
    #   tabpfn-client
    #   tabpfn-time-series
    #   timecopilot-tirex
    #   timecopilot-toto
    #   transformers
    #   xlstm
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
transformers==4.40.1 ; python_full_version < '3.13'
    # via
    #   timecopilot
    #   timecopilot-chronos-forecasting
    #   xlstm
transformers==4.53.3 ; python_full_version >= '3.13'
    # via
    #   timecopilot
    #   timecopilot-chronos-forecasting
    #   xlstm
triad==0.9.8
    # via
    #   adagio
    #   fugue
triton==3.2.0 ; platform_machine == 'x86_64' and sys_platform == 'linux'
    # via torch
tsdownsample==0.1.4.1
    # via plotly-resampler
tsfeatures==0.4.5
    # via timecopilot
typer==0.16.0
    # via
    #   modal
    #   timecopilot-fev
    #   timecopilot-timesfm
types-certifi==2021.10.8.3
    # via modal
types-python-dateutil==2.9.0.20250708
    # via arrow
types-pyyaml==6.0.12.20250516
    # via timecopilot-toto
types-requests==2.32.4.20250611 ; sys_platform != 'emscripten'
    # via cohere
types-tabulate==0.9.0.20241207
    # via timecopilot-toto
types-toml==0.10.8.20240310
    # via modal
typing-extensions==4.14.1
    # via
    #   aiosignal
    #   alembic
    #   anthropic
    #   anyio
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   cohere
    #   dash
    #   gluonts
    #   google-genai
    #   groq
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   ipython
    #   lightning
    #   lightning-utilities
    #   logfire
    #   modal
    #   mypy
    #   openai
    #   opentelemetry-api
    #   opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-http
    #   opentelemetry-sdk
    #   opentelemetry-semantic-conventions
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   referencing
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   starlette
    #   synchronicity
    #   tabpfn
    #   tabpfn-client
    #   torch
    #   typer
    #   typing-inspection
    #   wandb
typing-inspection==0.4.1
    # via
    #   mistralai
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-ai-slim
    #   pydantic-graph
    #   pydantic-settings
tzdata==2025.2
    # via pandas
uri-template==1.3.0
    # via jsonschema
urllib3==2.5.0
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
    #   types-requests
utilsforecast==0.2.12
    # via
    #   mlforecast
    #   neuralforecast
    #   nixtla
    #   statsforecast
    #   timecopilot
    #   timecopilot-timesfm
uvicorn==0.35.0 ; sys_platform != 'emscripten'
    # via mcp
wadler-lindig==0.1.7
    # via jaxtyping
wandb==0.21.0
    # via timecopilot-timesfm
watchfiles==1.1.0
    # via modal
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via
    #   ftfy
    #   prompt-toolkit
webcolors==24.11.1
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.8.0
    # via jupyter-server
websockets==15.0.1
    # via google-genai
werkzeug==3.1.3
    # via
    #   dash
    #   flask
    #   tensorboard
widgetsnbextension==4.0.14
    # via ipywidgets
wrapt==1.17.2
    # via
    #   aiobotocore
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation
xlstm==2.0.4
    # via timecopilot-tirex
xxhash==3.5.0
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   tabpfn-client
yarl==1.20.1
    # via aiohttp
zipp==3.23.0
    # via importlib-metadata
zstandard==0.23.0
    # via httpx
